it turns out that Java has the ability
to capture these relationships in a
formal way between classes so just like
you and I know that an S list in a list
are some kind of list there is a way to
actually say that in Java so how do we
do that well it's a two-step process the
first part is to define a reference type
for our hypernym so in this case sorry
to remind you what reference type is
remember in Java there are eight
primitive types in short long float and
reference type is everything else and so
we know we can define new types like
planet in body a list so it's no
different now we're gonna define one
called list 61b but we're gonna see
that's a little different than usual now
the second part once we've actually set
this thing up is we're gonna specify
that both s lists and a lists are
actually hyponym sub lists 61b
so let's start by talking about how we
set up a hypernym so what we're gonna do
is use a new keyword we have not used
before called interface that's gonna be
instead of class so in other words
oops that's a video of myself okay so
this is a list 61b
and so whereas before we are always
saying public class lists 61b now we're
just gonna say interface instead why
interface well it's gonna have some
slight twists from what you should do
with the class and we'll see those in a
moment the big idea is it an interface
as a specification of what a list can do
and not how to do it so what can a lists
do well for example I know it should be
able to do I can go look at a list and I
can see at first I don't know maybe I'll
go to the top I know every list should
be able to do at last okay so I can do
public void add last item X okay and now
rather than actually writing out the
code for this thing I'm actually just
gonna put a semicolon and that now is
okay if I actually there's one little
issue here though you'll notice this
cannot resolve symbol items because I
forgot to do this just at my typewriter
okay so at this point I basically said
that list 61 B's should be able to add
and so it couldn't go through this a
list class and manually look up all of
these and copy them over but I'm
actually gonna do something else I'm
gonna copy everything over to maybe make
a better point so when I copy everything
over
notice something which is that these
things here are private variables they
say how you should store information not
every list should have an array right so
that's not part of being a list some
lists don't have a raise at all I don't
want a constructor I mean that's not an
obvious fact but I don't
how about resizing is that something I
want to keep no some lists don't resize
like D list s less there's no notion of
resizing so I'll just delete that
entirely and in fact the fact that this
is private you'll even notice if I
highlight this private not allowed here
it would make any sense to have private
right private inherently is a secret
implementation implementation detail so
it doesn't make sense to make it part of
the list interface no one's ever gonna
use it how about a blast okay well we
already have that that sounds pretty
good should list get last okay now I'm
feeling pretty good yeah okay get me
good
sighs that seems like a normal list
thing to do you know notice that it's
the public things I'm keeping here's
remove last here's insert that seems
good and first and so if I look at all
this will notice something interesting I
have now specified what a list 61b is
and not how it's done and so if we think
about the universe I've crafted this is
all the things a list 61b can do so you
can think about this almost like a
specification of what someone who is say
a police officer should be able to do
okay so all the things that police
officer should be able to do let's say
take fingerprints or make phone calls
drive a car whatever all the things that
a police officer should be able to do
that's the list and if anybody says I am
a police officer
you can assume yes they know how to
drive a car how about the next thing
well the next step is we are going to
specify that something actually is a
list 61b
so in this case we'll use the new
implements keyword in this case to to
specify that relationship so just like
before we had interface is the new thing
now we'll have implements and it'll look
a little something like this
so let's go into our a list class and
let's say implements
list 61b now I actually messed up
interested unless
61p item I was thinking my phone buzzed
and kind of made me think about
something else
so we implement list 61 B and item and
that's it okay now we're gonna s list do
the same thing implements list 61 be I
am and so at that point once I've done
that this is the universe we live in
okay so what also this should match the
earlier one work so what Josh you should
be asking me well so what is now this
okay so remember our longest class we
don't like the idea having multiple
longest methods some for s lists some
for a list and so now we've defined this
interface we can actually do lists 61b
okay that should work fine and so if we
run this code here see we get back
watching and even if we change a list in
the test drive here do run again watch
it so it's kind of like before if we had
the directions that explained how to
wash a dog we've now built a machine
that can clean any kind of a dog not
just Malamutes not just poodles but any
type of poodle or so any kind of dog